Don't blink. Blink and you're dead.
First things first, but not necessarily in that order.
Good place to put things - cellars.
According to classical aerodynamics, it is impossible for a bumblebee to fly
Logic merely enables one to be wrong with authority.
Anybody remotely interesting is mad, in some way or another.
Bad laws were made to be broken.
If you're a doctor, then why does your box say 'Police'?
No, no, no. I love yogurt. Yogurt's my favourite. Give me yogurt.
Rest is for the weary, sleep is for the dead.
According to... Article 15 of the Shadow Proclamation. I command you to leave this world!
Anybody remotely interesting is mad, in some way or another.
We should back ourselves a little harder, and have a bit more courage and resolve.
The assembled hordes of Genghis Khan couldn't get through that door, and believe me, they've tried.
It's called the TARDIS, this thing. T-A-R-D-I-S. That's Time And Relative Dimension In Space.
Excuse me, would you mind not farting while I'm saving the world?
Are you my mummy?
Never use force, you just embarrass yourself. Unless you're cross, in which case... always use force!
It's the End, but the moment has been prepared for.
Not far now Brigadier, if the Ice Warriors don't get their first.
That's the trouble with regeneration, you never quite know what you're going to get.
It's bigger on the inside!
It's smaller on the outside!
Being alive right now is all that counts.
Great men are forged in fire. It is the privilege of lesser men to light the flame
Always take a banana to a party, bananas are good!
In 900 years of time and space, I've never met anyone who wasn't important.
You want weapons? We're in a library! Books! The best weapons in the world!
We're all stories, in the end... just make it a good one, eh?
The universe is big. It's vast and complicated and ridiculous.
I am definitely a mad man with a box!
Do what I do. Hold tight and pretend it's a plan!
900 years of time and space, and I've never been slapped by someone's mother.
Never ignore coincidence. Unless, of course, you're busy. In which case, always ignore coincidence.
I am and always will be the optimist.
you were fantastic. Absolutely fantastic. And you know what? So was I.
Through crimson stars and silent stars and tumbling nebulas like oceans set on fire.
When you wake up... I'll be a story in your head. But that's okay. We're all stories, in the end...
There are worlds out there where the sky is burning, and the sea's asleep, and the rivers dream.
I'm a Time Lord… you don't understand the implications. I'm not a human being; I walk in eternity.
Have you ever thought what it's like to be wanderers in the Fourth Dimension?
He's like fire and ice and rage. He's like the night and the storm in the heart of the sun.
Do you know what they call me on the dalek home world?, The oncoming storm.
The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things.
Bow ties are cool.
Gravity, schmavity. My people practically invented the black hole. Well, in fact, they did.
That's how I see the universe. Every waking second I can see what is.
Never say trapped, just... inconveniently circumstanced.
It's taken me all these years to realize the laws of time are mine, and they will obey me!
That's what I am: just a traveler. Imagine it: no tax, no bills, no boss. Just the open sky.
